The dance was over and Mildred Thornton climbed disconsolately up the
long stairs. From her thin shoulders floated a delicate white scarf
and her dress was of white lace and tulle. Yet Mildred had no look of
a conquering Princess, nor yet of Cinderella, who must have carried
her head proudly even after the ball, remembering the devotion of her
Prince.

But for Mildred there was no Prince to remember, nor devotion from
anyone. She was in that mood of hopeless depression which comes from
having attended a dance at which one has been a hopeless failure. Her
head drooped and though her cheeks were hot, her hands were cold.

Downstairs in the library she could hear her brother having his
good-night talk with their mother. Of course he did not intend that
she should overhear what was being said, and yet distinctly his words
floated up to her.

“Well, dearest, I did what I could, I swear it. Do hand me another one
of those sandwiches; playing the devoted brother takes it out of me.
But poor old Mill is no go! The fellows were nice enough, of course;
they danced with her whenever I asked them, but the worst of it was
they would not repeat the offense. You know Mill dances something like
an animated telegraph pole, and though she is a brick and all that,
she hasn’t an ounce of frivolous conversation. Do you know, I actually
heard her talking about the war, and no one in our set ever speaks of
the war now; we are jolly tired of the subject.”

Whatever her mother’s reply, it was given in so low a tone as to be
inaudible. But again Dick’s voice was pitched louder.